And since you've been in Wales, do you feel that you've made friends here?
No.
Not at all.
I'm finding it really difficult.
I'm finding it difficult because
there's not a lot of people that
are exactly like me.
And
it's hard to pick and choose who you want to be friends with.
And I'm one of those people who
who I can just see a person and I'll know there and then
if I'm going to get on with that person or not.
And you feel that since you've been here, you've not met?
I haven't met anyone like myself.
If I could have another double of me,
I'd be the happiest person on the planet.
I wish I could just be able to pick the phone up
and speak to someone and say, do you want to meet up
for coffee, for lunch, just to do something with,
just to do something.
But I am finding it really, really difficult
because I find being here, everyone's got their own lives.
And back in South Africa,
you can just pick up the phone in the morning, say, do you want to come spend a day together?
And they're there.